Initial problem (#11)
SW814F20/Report: report/PreProject/InitalProblem.tex

\section{Initial Problem}
This section will conclude the pre-project, and we will find our \textbf{Initial Problem}, which is the problem we wish to solve.

> To find the initial problem, we need to look at our Challenge, see section \ref{subsec:theChallenge}, our prioritized Ecology Interfaces, see section \ref{sec:ecology-interface} and our prioritized Leverage Points, see section \ref{sec:leverage}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To find the initial problem, we need to look at our Challenge, see~\autoref{subsec:theChallenge}, our prioritized Ecology Interfaces, see~\autoref{sec:ecology-interface} and our prioritized Leverage Points, see~\autoref{sec:leverage}.
```
